Feature/atr 454 dev release notes21 (#297)
Acumatica/Acuminator: docs/diagnostics/DiagnosticSuppression.md

# Diagnostic Suppression
If a diagnostic is not relevant to a specific code fragment and you have an explanation of why it is not relevant, you can suppress the diagnostic so that it is not displayed for the code fragment.

You can suppress Acuminator diagnostics in one of the following ways (which are described in greater detail below):

 - By adding a specific comment directly in code
 - By adding a code fragment to the Acuminator suppression file

## Diagnostic Suppression by Adding a Code Comment

> You can suppress any diagnostic by adding a specific comment directly in code. To add a suppression comment, you select **Suppress the PX10YY diagnostic with Acuminator > in a comment** (where PX00YY is the code of the diagnostic) as a code fix for the diagnostic, as shown in the following screenshot.

Reviewer: The PX10YY is not correct - it can be any Acuminator  diagnostic ID. And the second reference to it is "PX00YY"
```suggestion
You can suppress any diagnostic by adding a specific comment directly in code. To add a suppression comment, you select **Suppress the PX**** diagnostic with Acuminator > in a comment** (where PX**** is the code of the diagnostic) as a code fix for the diagnostic, as shown in the following screenshot.
```

Author: Which diagnostic has PX00YY code? We have no such diagnostics publicly described (see summary.md)

Author: Changed to PXYYYY

![Suppression in a Comment](../images/SuppressDiagnosticInComment.png)

The code below shows an example of a suppression comment that has been added by the code fix. A suppression comment includes the following parts:

 - The code of the diagnostic (`PX1007` in the code example below).
 - The name of the diagnostic (`NoXmlCommentForPublicClass` in the following code example), which can give a code reviewer an idea of what the suppressed diagnostic is about.
 - The justification of the suppression, which explains why this diagnostic is suppressed for this code fragment. You type the explanation instead of `[Justification]`.

```C#

> // Acuminator disable once PX1007 NoXmlCommentForPublicClass [Justification]

Reviewer 2: If there are multiple diagnostics reported on the same line, then there might be multiple suppression comments one on top of each other. @k-s-popova I'm not sure if it's worth mentioning.

public class ARReleaseProcess_Extension : PXGraphExtension<ARReleaseProcess>
{
    ...
}
```

To stop the suppression of the diagnostic in the code fragment, you remove the comment from the code.

## Diagnostic Suppression in the Acuminator Suppression File

> You can suppress a particular diagnostic in a specific place in your project in the Acuminator suppression file. To suppress a diagnostic in the Acuminator suppression file, you select **Suppress the PX10YY diagnostic with Acuminator > in the Acuminator suppression file** (where PX00YY is the code of the diagnostic) as a code fix for the diagnostic, as shown in the following screenshot.

Reviewer: Same remark as the previous one
```suggestion
You can suppress a particular diagnostic in a specific place in your project in the Acuminator suppression file. To suppress a diagnostic in the Acuminator suppression file, you select **Suppress the PX**** diagnostic with Acuminator > in the Acuminator suppression file** (where PX**** is the code of the diagnostic) as a code fix for the diagnostic, as shown in the following screenshot.
```

Author: Changed to PXYYYY
